topic : Critical Thinking 

"Thinking, Fast and Slow" by Daniel Kahneman - This book explores the psychological biases that can impact our thinking and decision making.

"How to Read a Book" by Mortimer Adler and Charles Van Doren - This classic book teaches the fundamental skills of critical reading and thinking, including how to analyze and evaluate arguments.

"Asking the Right Questions: A Guide to Critical Thinking" by M. Neil Browne and Stuart M. Keeley - This book provides a step-by-step guide to critical thinking, including how to analyze arguments and assess evidence.

"A Rulebook for Arguments" by Anthony Weston - This concise guide provides practical advice on how to construct and evaluate arguments, and how to identify common fallacies.

"The Art of Reasoning" by David Kelley - This comprehensive textbook covers the basics of logic and critical thinking, including the principles of deduction, induction, and abduction.

"The Thinking Person's Guide to Writing in the 21st Century" by Brooke Noel Moore and Richard Parker - This book provides practical advice on how to develop critical thinking skills through writing, and how to communicate ideas effectively.

"The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark" by Carl Sagan - This book promotes scientific skepticism and critical thinking, and provides an accessible introduction to the scientific method.

"The Thinker's Toolkit: 14 Powerful Techniques for Problem Solving" by Morgan D. Jones

"Thinking Critically" by John Chaffee

"Critical Thinking: An Introduction" by Alec Fisher





topic : Problem Solving

"Thinking, Fast and Slow" by Daniel Kahneman
"The Art of Reasoning" by David Kelley
"How to Read a Book" by Mortimer Adler and Charles Van Doren
"The 5 Elements of Effective Thinking" by Edward B. Burger and Michael Starbird
"The Art of Problem Solving" by Sandor Lehoczky and Richard Rusczyk
"A Guide for the Perplexed" by E.F. Schumacher
"Solving the Problem of Democracy" by Cass R. Sunstein
"The Structure of Scientific Revolutions" by Thomas S. Kuhn
"The Power of Intentional Leadership" by John C. Maxwell
"Good Thinking: What You Need to Know to be Smarter, Safer, Wealthier, and Wiser" by Gerd Gigerenzer.


topic : Critical writing

"The Elements of Style" by William Strunk Jr. and E.B. White
"Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life" by Anne Lamott
"On Writing Well: An Informal Guide to Writing Nonfiction" by William Zinsser
"The Writer's Journey: Mythic Structure for Writers" by Christopher Vogler
"The Sense of Style: The Thinking Person's Guide to Writing in the 21st Century" by Steven Pinker
"The Writing Life" by Annie Dillard
"The Craft of Research" by Wayne C. Booth, Gregory G. Colomb, and Joseph M. Williams
"How to Write a Lot: A Practical Guide to Productive Academic Writing" by Paul J. Silvia
"The Elements of Story: Field Notes on Nonfiction Writing" by Francis Flaherty
"Eats, Shoots & Leaves: The Zero Tolerance Approach to Punctuation" by Lynne Truss


